# THIS SCRIPT IS FREE NOT FOR SALE! - CREATED BY VERTZZ.

---

## Requirements :
> - Windows command line or Linux terminal.
> - The device must be 64-bit compatible.
> - PHP 8 must be installed on the system.
> - Sufficient memory allocation is necessary to execute obfuscated PHP code without issues.
> - Adequate storage space should be available to store files generated by the script to prevent any storage-related issues during execution.
> - A stable and strong internet connection is required for any online operations or dependencies.

---

## Termux Commands :
```bash
pkg update
pkg upgrade
pkg install php
pkg install mpv #optional
pkg install tmux #optional
termux-setup-storage
```
## Tmux Usage :
```bash
#Execute the tmux.
tmux

#Show lists of all active tmux sessions.
tmux ls
#Example list :
#0: 24 windows (created Mon Dec 16 04:05:52 2024)
#1: 10 windows (created Mon Dec 16 04:05:52 2024)

#Retrive session.
tmux attach-session -t <session-name>
#Example : 
#tmux attach-session -t 0
```
* **ctrl+b+:** then type **new** or **new-session** => Create new session.
* **ctrl+b+$** => Rename session.
* **ctrl+b+s** => List session. *(Use arrow keys to select and enter key to enter.)* 
* **ctrl+b+c** => Create new window.
* **ctrl+b+,** => Rename current window.
* **ctrl+b+w** => List all windows.  *(Use arrow keys to select and enter key to enter.)* 

## Script Usage :
```bash
#Navigate to beez folder.
cd /sdcard/path_to_beez_folder

#Execute the script.
php exec.php
```

---

## Warning : 
> - Use this script at your own risk. The developer is not liable for any issues or unintended consequences that may affect your account.
> - You must accept the agreement first before you can use the script.
> - Be careful when sharing this script and adding with your referral codes. Some website or app admins and moderators may pretend to be members in other groups and could ban your account using your code, along with any referrals that came from you.
> - Please avoid editing or deleting files without extensions because they are essential for the script to run properly. Any changes or missing files may lead to errors during execution.
> - Changing your device's date and time while using the script may interrupt all running scripts.

## Disclaimer :
> - The script’s source code is intentionally obfuscated to prevent unauthorized modifications and to help protect the integrity of the developer’s work.
> - The developer does not include any malicious code or malware that could harm your device. Additionally, there is no server-side functionality that collects information from your configuration files. Your privacy and security are respected. All configuration files remain stored locally on your device and can be found in the 'beez' folder.
> - The server simply hosts the compiled script information and files, the developer does not have the ability to interrupt or control the script while it is running on your device. If the script stops, it is likely due to changes in your local configuration. Such as network or IP changes, outdated login credentials, invalid cookies or tokens, or similar factors. Additionally, expired configurations, slow internet connections, or high traffic to the target website or application can also impact the script’s performance.
> - This script is provided for free. If you encounter anyone attempting to sell this script or related services, please report their @username to the developer via Telegram. Their license key will be revoked and they will be removed from the group.
> - This script automatically captures and reports errors encountered during use, along with relevant usage logs, to assist the developer in diagnosing and resolving issues more efficiently. However, this feature is optional. If you have privacy concerns, you may disable it at any time. The developer fully understands and respects your right to privacy.

---

## Contact :
telegram = [https://t.me/vertzz_official](https://t.me/vertzz_official)

## Website :
[https://beez-app-d2638.web.app](https://beezitorz.web.app)
 